TWG Jan 25 2021 Meeting notes

## CVA6 PL proposl	- Jérôme Quevremont

* Coming in to the meeting, the CVA6 is at PPL. 
* A substantial amount of firming up has been done since PPL.
* Jerome outlined resources available in Thales: Thales TRT, Thales India, Thales Invia
* Mike to help coordinate verification test bench and Gianmarco will assist on design and documentation. 
* We will need more resources in general - verification especially. Mike highlighted this as a key need.
* If any member wants a specific item in the specification, now should get involved.
* There was a consensus that the project launch should proceed in spite of the resource uncertainty
* Detailed project planning is deferred to PPA gate. At that stage we should have a 2 to 5 pages  requirements specification to accompany a project plan.
* **The PL gates was approved by TWG consensus**

## CV32E40P v2 proposal/update - John Martin
* Coming into the meeting, the project was not at any status level (PPL had not been requested).
* Since last discussion, John highlighted changes in the proposal:
  * Removed features 
    * Conversion of bit manip to draft standard extensions
      * Davide: open to re-open the discussion
    * Conversion of SIMD to draft standard extension
   * FPU verification
* Now, focus on PULP instructions
  * Re-encoding and verification
  * Debug module integration
  * Debug trigger enhancement
  * Fixes for new and existing bug
* Task Breakdown
  * About 1 manyear
  * Depending on resource availability
* Big question on verification is what type of reference model to be used
  * Extending Imperas - with students - that may happen
* **The PPL gate was approved by TWG consensus**

## MCU status update
* Coming into the meeting, the MCU-SOC project is at PPL status. 
* FPGA and SOC are now being treated as a unified project
* Overall plans including verification plans are still being developed.
